title: About

<h2>Who Are We?</h2>
<p>We are two computer scientists who have been through the interview process many times.  Some companies that we have interviewed with include Google, Apple, Microsoft, Amazon, IBM, TripAdvisor, and more.  With all of this interviewing experience, it became obvious that there is a tried and true process that most companies follow.  Consider this website to be a test preparation like one you might find for the GRE or MCAT.  Our goal is to help you make the most out of your interviews and land the dream job.</p>

<h2>What We Will Provide</h2>
<p>We will produce the highest quality articles for solving the technical and behavioral parts of an interview.  We will try our best to make sure that they are error-free and contain accurate and up-to-date information.  Because many from our audience have never programmed outside of school, our posts will largely target practical problems and questions.  Our solutions will mostly be written in Java.</p>

<h2>What We Hope to Avoid</h2>
<p>The goal of our site is to improve core skills needed in Computer Science.  We do not want people to mindlessly memorize our solutions and apply them during interviews.  For that reason, we will always provide a brief explanation of what is happening alongside any code.</p>

<h2>What We Will Not Do</h2>
<p>We will always protect the privacy of companies that we have interviewed at.  Some companies have required us to sign Non-Disclosure Agreements, and to avoid any problems we will apply this policy to everything.  Besides, it would be unfair to the companies and conflicting with our goal.  So if you came here looking for "Google Interview Question 1,2,3..." then you are at the wrong place.  With that said, most questions vary depending on the interviewer you get anyways so we don't think it would be of much help.  Sometimes, by the luck of the draw, the biggest companies have the easy questions and the local small company gives you a tough one, or vice-versa.</p>

<h2>Feel Free to Contact Us!</h2>
<p>Send us an email or tweet at us to let us know what you think!  We want to hear from you, especially if you have questions that need answering.</p>

<h2>The Stack</h2>
<p>Originally this website was created on <a href="http://wordpress.org/">Wordpress</a>.  Since then it has been moved to being statically generated by <a href="http://getpelican.com">Pelican</a> and hosted by <a href="http://aws.amazon.com/s3/">Amazon S3</a>.  We are also using <a href="http://disqus.com/">Disqus</a> to handle comments.  Also, thanks to <a href="http://www.jamesharding.ca/">James Harding</a> for theme inspiration.  Check them out!</p>